1. How to Create an Object in Java?
Using the new keyword is the most popular way to create an object or instance of the class. When we 
create an instance of the class by using the new keyword, it allocates memory (heap) for the newly 
created object and also returns the reference of that object to that memory. The new keyword is also 
used to create an array.

2. What is the use of a new keyword in Java?
The Java new keyword is used to create an instance of the class. In other words, it instantiates a class 
by allocating memory for a new object and returning a reference to that memory. We can also use the new 
keyword to create the array object.

3. What are the different types of variables in Java?
In Java, there are different types of variables, for example:

String - stores text
int - stores integers
float - stores floating point numbers
char - stores single characters
boolean - stores values with two states: true or false

4. What is the difference between Instance variable and local variables?
Instance Variable: These variables are declared within a class but outside a method, constructor, or block and always get a default value. These variables are usually created when we create an object and are destroyed when the object is destroyed.
Local Variable: These variables are declared within a method but do not get any default value. They are usually created when we enter a method or constructor and are destroyed after exiting the block or when the call returns from the method.

5. In which area memory is allocated for instance variable and local variable?
Stack is a memory place where the methods and the local variables are stored. Heap is a memory place where the objects and its instance variable are stored.

6. What is method overloading?
If a class has multiple methods having same name but different in parameters, it is known as Method Overloading. Method Overloading allows different methods to have the same name, but different signatures where the signature can differ by the number of input parameters or type of input parameters, or a mixture of both. 